I'm sorry it's so late was Carl oh
please I'm Judy I'm very sorry but your
suite has been released what it being
released where exactly is it going I
know what kids need they need their
mother can't have the world's greatest
entertainer out here without a drink
Frank Sinatra's here Frank is great but
he is no Judy garlic aunt even get a
manager London would offer you a lot of
money
talk of the town's desperate to do a
deal with you you're saying I have to
leave my children if I want to make
enough money to be with my children Oh
Judy have you seen Judy there's an
audience out there wait dear you sing my
mouth dry in it listen to me you'll be
fine
when you go what room service
I didn't order anything peasant man
under there charlie surprise
the kids miss you and they also want to
stay put and coming back for her you're
not listening I have someone I can rely
on you so you have to be home for your
mommy to put you to bed are you going to
be all right if I can't do it again you
need to take better care of yourself you
understand everybody has their trouble
and I've had mine I just want what
everybody wants I seem to have a harder
time getting it
do you take anything for depression for
husband didn't work
[Music]
you want
[Applause]
[Music]